#251 rocketmq 5.0 en doc init (#252)
apache/rocketmq-site: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-5.0/02-快速入门/02quickstart.md

# Quickstart

> This section will introduce the method of quickly building and deploying a single-Master RocketMQ cluster to complete simple message sending and receiving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will describe steps to quickly deploy a RocketMQ cluster with a single node; Commands to send and receive messages to/from it are also included as proof of work.
```

:::tip SYSTEM REQUIREMENT

1. 64-bit OS，Linux/Unix/macOS is recommended
2. 64-bit JDK 1.8+

:::

## 1.Get Apache RocketMQ

:::tip Download RocketMQ

> RocketMQ's installation is divided into two types: binary and source.  Click [here](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=rocketmq/4.9.4/rocketmq-all-4.9.4-source-release.zip) to download Apache RocketMQ 4.9.4 source package. You can also get from [here.](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=rocketmq/4.9.4/rocketmq-all-4.9.4-bin-release.zip) The binary package can be run directly since it has been compiled, and the source package needs to be compiled and run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache RocketMQ is distributed both in binary and source packages.  Click [here](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=rocketmq/4.9.4/rocketmq-all-4.9.4-source-release.zip) to download source package. You may prefer [prebuilt binary package](https://www.apache.org/dyn/closer.cgi?path=rocketmq/4.9.4/rocketmq-all-4.9.4-bin-release.zip) , which can be run directly.
```

:::

> The following instruction takes the application of RocketMQ 4.9.4 source package in Linux environment as an example in order to introduce the installation process of RocketMQ.

Reviewer: What is this paragraph talking about?

> Extract the source package of RocketMQ 4.9.4, then compile and build the binary executables:

Reviewer: 4.9.4 or 5.0.0?

> ```shell

Reviewer: Why does 'Quick Start' contain instructions to build from the source? It would be better to launch a docker or deploy a Helm chart.
